Add support for dynamically loaded libraries (#138)
rust-windowing/android-ndk-rs: cargo-apk/README.md

# Defaults to the compiled artifact's name.
label = "Application Name"

# Folder containing extra shared libraries intended to be dynamically loaded at runtime.

> # Files with extension `.so` placed under `libs_folder/${android_abi}` are added to the apk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Files matching `libs_folder/${android_abi}/*.so` are added to the apk
```

Or something like that, to clarify the non-recursiveness?

# according to the specified build_targets.

> runtime_libs = "path/to/libs_folder"

Reviewer: This (`[package.metadata.android.application]`) is the wrong place, these docs should reside under `[package.metadata.android]`.

```

TODO: intent filters

## Dynamically loaded libraries

> The `build` command scans for extra shared libraries intended to be dynamically loaded with `dlopen`. Files with extension `.so` placed under `lib/${androideabi}` at the root of the local package are added to the apk automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `build` command scans for extra shared libraries intended to be dynamically loaded with `dlopen`. Files with extension `.so` placed under `lib/${android_abi}` at the root of the local package are added to the apk automatically.
```

Don't think we need to constrain to Embedded ABI, which is generally only used in the 32-bit ARM triple anyway.
